hey girl mary-kate coming to you with a
quick video on the new do so I'm just
gonna jump right into it
the hair that I used is the sensational
braids Plus this is their Nubian locs
put that up there so you can see it
that's what it looks like and I used one
all those that's the hair that I used
and these are crochet braids
okay these are crochet braids I'm gonna
give you a quick because I I don't want
I still get questions about how to
actually crochet so I definitely have
tutorials that I posted in the links on
how to actually crochet but I'll just
give you a demonstration really quick
this is your crochet needle this is what
it looks like it has a little latch it
opens and closes okay that's what that
looks like and I'm actually going to do
something to show you what to do if your
hair is too thick in certain places or
you're finding out that you're using too
much hair with any sort of Pro Shea
style because with any sort of crochet
crochet style small pieces are the key
but with this this is how the hair came
I didn't twist this the hair comes like
this so let me let you see that's what
the hair actually looks like out of the
pack so I didn't twist this and I kids
you're not after my cornrows this style
took me 30 minutes to do kids you're not
so if you've done your crochet phrases
with any crochet styling you're like oh
my goodness I've used too much hair it's
bigger than what I want you can I'm
literally gonna take a piece out of the
back Boop
I said I just did now you can't tell
that I took that piece out of the back
but I did take it out put it where you
wanted to go
so I did not cut this in half now you
have the option to cut this in half if
you'd like to for a shorter style but
you know now no me so that's this you
start you make sure that your hook is
open to make sure you guys can see that
make sure your hook is open and I'm
sorry my baby is hollering in the back
with her brother you slide the hook
underneath with the braid and I really
hope you guys can see that
I'm literally underneath my cornrows and
the hook is open you place the hair in
your finger like this right in the
middle and then you just attach it to
the hook now the hook has it you close
this latch make sure you close the latch
or it will pull your hair close the
latch so this hair is securely in okay
then you pull it back underneath the
braid boom grabbing with this particular
hair I only had to use the single nut
technique with this hair you can do that
twice if you want and you can also
there's another braid technique like the
perfect crochet braid and knot technique
I have the video I'll put that in the
link the description box as well and I
have pictures of my braid pattern two
that are at the end of the film so if
you just want to jump to the end you can
see and that's it literally that is it
and you want to space them accordingly
because these are you know with hair
like this and marley hair and afro kinky
hair it's not thin so you want to space
accordingly these will not be back to
back to back to back and normally with
crochet braids they're not as far as
this right here they're not back to back
to back there are at least a finger
width in between each part until you get
rid of her to the top then you could
pack them back to back today and that
just makes for a cleaner part so
is it that's what I did and I am about
to get my daughter dressed so I'm just
gonna pull this up actually oh oh one
more thing about this hair once I'm all
locked out and I'm just ready for
something different which you guys know
happens with me often what I will do is
unravel each piece and I'll give you an
example of what it looks like once you
unravel that's what it'll look like all
over my head
curly curly curly and I'm really excited
to do that I'm just rattling this back
so that's it easy breezy do your
cornrows I have about going across the
front i have i believe 1200 n rows going
across the front and they're very small
right here I have my cornrows literally
go like this that's a full one those are
full and then I think these are full so
the first three on each side are full
and then I make a part across hair so
this first section this front section
little little little little little
little little little then I make a
section behind that and I can join
bigger bigger bigger but I have pictures
to explain that so I'm gonna get this up
I'm really feeling it thus far you guys
if you have any question this is just
like a messy up type thing because it
just is that's just what I'm rocking
today
just a messy locks so that's it you guys
easy breezy you can do it if you have
any questions let me know I'm trying to
make sure I've covered everything that
line access 405 packs of hair this is
five packs but you have to use your own
judgment with your own head your head
size the thickness of your hair all of
that stuff matters so use your own
judgement please just use this as an
example this is a full five packs I had
not a lot left okay five whole packs of
hair so use your own judgement um the
hair I believe was $5.99 I believe um
and it's pretty readily available I've
seen it at a few local Beauty Supply
stores so you know I would check there
before you try to order online but this
is it if you have any questions please
let me know I'll be happy to answer them
and I am off to run errands and do my
thing today so thank you guys for the
love and I will talk to you soon peace
and good luck